# BigStuff Omeka Theme

The BigStuff [Omeka](http://omeka.org/) theme is a theme designed for the home of the Big Stuff large technology
object conferences.

This theme is based on the [Berlin](https://github.com/omeka/theme-berlin) Omeka theme and
uses the highly configurable index page features from Berlin.

## Features

* Features from Berlin
    * Configurable logo image
    * Configurable header image
    * Configurable footer text and copyright
    * Configurable home page text
    * Configurable info boxes, such as a featured item or collection, for the home page.
* Features from BigStuff
    * Customisable background filler image
    * A *hero-shot* image on the home page, selected randomly from items with images in the featured collections.
    * Citation-style item information. BigStuff is designed to contain collections of conference papers, as well as
    other collections. If given a suitable item type, the item will be provided with a citation.

## Installation and Configuration

Copy the root of this source directory to `$OMEKA/themes/bigstuff` where `$OMEKA` is the root of the Omeka installation
(eg. `/srv/www/htdocs/omeka`).
It should them appear as an avilable theme in the Omeka administration pages.

Once installed, go to the *Appearance* menu in Omeka administration.
You can then configure the theme.

### Citation Types

Citations are presented differently depending on the *Item Type* of the item, or the Dublin Core *Type* of the collection.
Citations use the following Dublin Core terms:

| Type | Author | Year | Editor | Title | Journal/Proceedings | Publisher | Location | Pages | Volume | Number | Date | Institution | Document Number | URL |
| ---- | ------ | ---- | ------ | ----- | ------------------- | --------- | -------- | ----- | ------ | ------ | ---- | ----------- | --------------- | --- |
| Article(2) | Creator | Date(1) | | Title | Source or Collection Title | Publisher or Collection Publisher | ? | ? | ? | ? | | | | |
| Paper(2) | Creator | Date(1) | Contibutor or Collection Creator | Title | Source or Collection Title | Publisher or Collection Publisher | ? | ? | ? | ? | Date | | | |
| Book(2) | Creator | Date(1) | Contributor | Title |  | Publisher | ? | | ? | | | | | |
| Manual(2) | Creator | Date(1) | | Title |  |  | | | | | | Source | Identifier | |
| Thesis(2) | Creator | Date(1) | | Title |  |  | ? | | | | | Source | Identifier | |
| Report(2) | Creator | Date(1) | | Title |  |  | | | | | | Source | Identifier | |
| Text | Creator |  | | Title |  | Publisher | | | | | Date |  | | |
| Website |  |  | | Title |  |  | | | | | Date |  | | Source |
| Hyperlink |  |  | | Title |  |  | | | | | Date |  | | Source |
| Moving Image | Creator | Date(1) | | Title |  |  | | | | |  |  | |  |
| Still Image | Creator | Date(1) | | Title |  |  | | | | |  |  | |  |
| default | Creator | | | Title | | Publisher | | | | | Date | Source | Identfier | |


*?* These would be really useful but don't have a corresponding Dublin Core term. Boo. Hiss.

*(1)* Dates are parsed using the PHP `parse_date` function to see if a year can be recognised. In general, use
*mm/dd/yyyy* for US-style dates, *dd-mm-yyyy* or *dd.mm.yyyy* for European-style dates and *yyyy-mm-dd* for ISO-style dates.
Two digit years will be interpreted as *yy-mm-dd* - you have been warned. If a date cannot be parsed, the entire date is used.

*(2)* These item types are not part of the standard set of supplied item types.

#### Inheritance

Journal articles and conference papers can draw some information from the collection that they are in.
In this case the collection is treated as the journal or conference proceedings, with the title of the collection
the title of the journal or conference and the creator of the collection the editor.
For example, an article will get the journal title from the collection title if the Source is not present.

To override this behaviour, put `na` in the item's term (eg. Putting `na` in the Source for an article
means that no journal will be listed).

## Geeks Corner

### Licence

Licenced under the [GPLv3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html).

### Building the Theme

If you feel like modyfiying the theme, the CSS is generated by [Compass](http://compass-style.org/)/[SCSS](http://sass-lang.com/).
You will need to install Compass before generating CSS; follow the instructions on the
Compass page and then find out where gem has put the compass command.

To modify the the CSS modify the SCSS files found in `css/scss` and then run compass.
On the command line, change to the source directory and run compass with the following command:
`$COMPASS/bin/compass compile css` where `$COMPASS` is where-ever gem has decided to put Compass
(eg. `/usr/lib64/ruby/gems/2.1.0/gems/compass-1.0.3`).

### Citation Styles

Citation styles follow the Australian Government Style Manual (6th ed.) as far
as is possible.
If you want to change the way citations are presented, edit `functions.php`.
